Bugs
----

Deal with Firefox/Orca problems.  Firefox rewrote the caret navigation and it has bugs that make
structural navigation with Orca difficult.  The bug report is at
https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=546068

Hack ubiquity/remastersys to allow language selection during install.  Currently, Vinux only
allows English installation, which is a major bug.

Switch to opentts, the new fork for speech-dispatcher.

Get festival working.  Some users want it, but it doesn't seem to work in Vinux right now.

One person reported that there was no sound for a new user.  Verify this, and if true, debug.

Install borks Windows boot, but Lucid install does not.  Figure out what's going on, and
fix.

Fix voxin problems on 64-bit Vinux.

Determine why Computer Janitor crashes.  Remove if not fixed by the 3.0 release.

Fix usb-creator-gtk.

Make icons in icon tray say their names.

Add theme changing scripts and keybindings

Change the text of the 'Install Vinux 3.0' icon to 'Install Vinux'

Figure out why Orca is not reading upper case chars in a higher pitch

Fix Vinux so that it still boots with no display attached.  The new digital connector signal to
Linux if there is no display, and Ubuntu refuses to boot.

Users who don't require login report problems with multiple copies of Orca running at once -
probably the GDM copy.

Add ceni and remastersys packages to Vinux/Lucid PPA, rather than using wget in buildvinux

Ubuntu software server seems to be kept from machine where buildvinuxiso was run, and not
detected during user installation.

Wine has a .25 second delay when using pulseaudio, making audio games frustrating.  It probably
needs work on it's PA driver.

Need to patch xulrunner with the Firefox patch.  This library is used by Thunderbird, yelp, and other
programs using "gecko", and those programs also need the caret navigation fix.

Improve accessibility of GTK+ TreeViews.  Currently apps using TreeModelSorted, TreeModelFiltered,
or CellRendererPixbuf are typically not accessible, as these classes break the accessibility
model.

Fix GTK+ so that we can do first-letter navigation in combo boxes

Improve thunderbird list views - we should not be loading everything at once

Figure out why youtube search doesn't work in movie player.

Fix pacfman accessibilty before "details" turned on

Fix issues setting Orca preferences in login window.  The preferences dialog wont close, and
hitting Caps Lock for the Orca key toggles caps lock as well.

PulseAudio is generating tons of syslog errors like "pulseaudio[2127]: ratelimit.c: 128 events suppressed"

New Features
------------

Add Wubi compatibility.  This is straight-forward, but a lot of work.  The best documentation is
in the source code, which you can check out with bazaar at:
http://bazaar.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-installer/wubi/trunk/

Customize Ubiquity to allow CLI vs GDM selection during install.  This would allow us to install a
CLI or Gnome version of Vinux from the same CD.  Basically, hack ubiquity to have a new dialog
where we ask Vinux specific questions.

Write a tutorial for new users.

Write an OCR app.  There are lots of comments about this idea on the Vinux forum.

Write an audio book creator app.  I would prefer to enhance speech-dispatcher (now opentts) to
return audio data rather than playing it.  That way an audio book creation app could be written
easily in Python, and could use any voice Orca can use.

Voxin integration.  We would like to allow users to buy Vinux with Voxin pre-installed directly
from the oralux.org web site.  It sounds like Gilles Casse is interested in helping make this
happen.

Integrate emacspeak.  First, just get it running in Vinux.  We may need to make a patched package
for it.  After that, it would be great to have a speech-dispatcher (opentts) driver for it.

Opensapi integration.  Basically, write a speech-dispatcher driver for opensapi.  This would
enable users to access a large number of Microsoft voices.

Rewrite gksu as python dialog, rather than using zenity, so we can support all of the options of
gksu properly.  Also, make the dialog look nicer for sighted users.

Auto-recompile speakup when kernel upgraded.  Right now, every time Ubuntu upgrades the kernel,
users have to execute the restorespeech script to get speakup working again.

Build an automated test system that runs whenever we push changes to sourceforge, and probably
once each night as well.  It should e-mail a status report to team memebers.  I think a clean way
to do this would be with a virtual machine.  We could save it's state just before running the
buildvinux script, and we could enable ssh login so that we could send it commands remotely.  We
could have it reboot after running buildvinux, and verify that Orca is running at the GDM prompt,
and that speakup is also running.

Change the default setting for cursor tracking to "off" in speakup.

Keybindings to enable/disable the display.  The blind like to turn it off, and it'd be great to
make this easy.

Implement cursor tracking in compiz

Make evince accessible

Add beeps to indicate if the sound system failed, or if the speech system failed

Create tool to aid in supporting remote blind users.  It should forward VNC ports, as well as the
pulseaudio stream, and it should only be accessibly by support team members, and only while the
remote user allows access.

Create accessibe Server version of Ubuntu Lucid with speakup.
